
Example Program 1 - Hello World:

The first example program is simply my version of the hello world program typically used 
as a first attempt at programming. One difference however is that i assigned the string 
"hello world" to a variable as opposed to just outputting the text. This is to show how
variables are assigned using the syntax i created. The last two lines are used to return nothing,
preventing any potential errors, with the final line 'auf wiedersehen' closing the console. 


Example Program 2 - Sum of Numbers: 

This is an example to show how a for loop would work using the language i created. It
gets a user defined number and adds up all the numbers up to and including that number
then outputs the total sum to the screen. Once the inputted number has been reached, the output
is diplayed. The screen is then cleared and the console is closed.

Example Program 3 -  Grading System:

This is an example of how to use an if, nested else if and an else stament.
The user enters the score they were awarded for a test, once a score has been inputted, the 
value is then compared to a grading system to deduce what grade that score is equivalent
to. This is done by checking if the score is greater than a set number, if not then it 
descends to the next if statement. If the score does not fit into the given criteria the 
work is marked as an F, hence the final else statement. The screen is cleared in between screen outputs.

Example Program 4 - Sum of 5 Numbers Via An Array: 

This program demonstrates the use of arrays using the programming language i have created. 
It is exceptionally similar to the program used to show the use of for loops, however this adds
5 numbers the user has specified, as opposed to adding every number up to a specified number. 
The loop increments the counter used to select the position in the array. Therefore, preventing
the sum including a non existent space in the array. 

Example 5 - Boolean Check Using Global Variables:

While this example is program is lacking efficiency, it shows how global variables and
function calls are implemented using the language i created.  It simply sets a boolean value
false. If the function is called successfully the boolean value will change to true
and this will be displayed on the screen. However, if the function is not called
correctly, the test was not successful will be displayed on the screen.